RHDEVDOCS-3307 Resource quota for pipelines (#38478)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-specifying-pipelines-resource-quota-using-priority-class.adoc

// This module is included in the following assembly:
//
// */cicd/pipelines/setting-compute-resource-quota-for-openshift-pipelines.adoc

[id="specifying-pipelines-resource-quota-using-priority-class_{context}"]
= Specifying pipelines resource quota using priority class

> A `PriorityClass` object defines a mapping from a priority class name to the integer value of the priority, with higher value indicating higher priority. After you create a priority class, you can create pods that specify the priority class name in their specifications. In addition, you can control a pod's consumption of system resources based on the pod's priority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `PriorityClass` object maps priority class names to the integer values that indicates their relative priorities. Higher values grant higher priority to a class. After you create a priority class, you can create pods that specify the priority class name in their specifications. In addition, you can control a pod's consumption of system resources based on the pod's priority.
```
This suggestion is based on my guess that object maps multiple class names to multiple priorities.

> Specifying resource quota for a pipeline is approximately equivalent to setting resource quota for the subset of pods created by a pipeline run. The following steps provide an example of the workaround by specifying resource quota based on priority class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifying resource quota for a pipeline is similar to setting a resource quota for the subset of pods created by a pipeline run. The following steps provide an example of the workaround by specifying resource quota based on priority class.
```
